Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Is the...
chambermaid.
Deal.
A, B, C, D, E, F, G,
H, I, J, K, L, M, N, O...
Eyes open.
Just throw it over a chair, Maria.
Undress me.
Lily of the Valley.
Thank you Maria.
You may go.
What are you doing in my bedroom?
You...
Pim...
Come downstairs, boy.
Mama is not angry.
Kids, have a look at what I found.
A boy.
Hey, settle down.
Get Pim a glass of water,
you big lout.
Here you are, sir.
What a lovely stench.
- You smell lovely.
- It's uh... Yvette's perfume.
- You should head off home now.
- But the puzzle's not finished yet.
Your mother isn't easily worried
but still, I don't want her to...
It's just the motorbike.
Let's go, Pim.
Bye, Pim.
Here.
Hey, Mirza.
Thanks.
Wait.
Here. Yummy, right?
Let's do it again.
My left hand is the chambermaid
Just wait till I'm eighteen.
Then that'll be a shiny
motorbike instead of a bicycle.
Eighteen.
Look, this is the one.
Suzuki 380 GT.
- And you can sit on the back.
- Me?
It's hot in here.
Imagine, 380 CC, Pim.
First you need to turn fifteen.
Then you can have my bike.
For your birthday.
Thank you, Gino.
Wow.
Pimmie. Dirty scoundrel.
The doorbell.
It's ringing.
Here. From me.
A boy should own a knife.
Etienne.
Wasn't it your birthday yesterday?
Tomorrow.
Fifteen.
- Is that you, Etienne?
- Yvette.
Here. From me.
A boy should own a knife.
And what do you say?
'Thank you, Etienne.'
Good dog.
- Open a can of sardines for yourself.
- Sure.
Yes, please.
Be good. Lock the doors.
You're a big boy.
We'll be back tomorrow.
And are you happy?
With the knife?
Thank you very much, Etienne.
It's me.
Hello, 'Me'.
Would you like
a glass of lemonade, Pim?
The latest news.
The latest news from the
day before yesterday.
Your boss has taken my mother
all the way to Lille,
Festival de l'Accordéon.
They're staying in a hotel.
When you put
the cat with the milk...
My mother doesn't want that fatty.
She only wants his car.
See nothing, say nothing, Pim.
That's why we live
such a rich life.
Mum, can Pim sleep here?
Can he, please?
Okay. You can't sleep in an
empty house all by yourself.
You can share my bed.
It's summer. Pim and I are sleeping
outside in the dunes, in the tent.
I got this from mother.
From my boss.
Nice.
Now we've both got
the same knife.
It's my birthday tomorrow.
That's why.
No-one has to know about this,
Pimmie. It's between us.
- For he's a jolly good fellow...
- And so say all of us...
- for he's a jolly good fellow
- And so say all of us
For your birthday.
Pencils. Thank you Sabrina.
I needed a 4B.
- Coffee?
- Yes, please.
Pim?
- Yes, sorry.
- Dreamer.
Did you sleep well in the tent?
We should do it more often.
- Mum? Will she have made chips?
- Of course, she always does.
Can Pim come to Aunty Ginette's?
I don't think so.
There we go. A whole different
kind of audience, the French.
I need a lie down.
I suppose you don't want
a kiss from me either?
You making fries?
Shall I ...
When I know the moves
well enough, I'll show you.
- Pim?
- Yeah?
Dreamer...
I'm using a glue stick now.
It's much tidier than paste.
The bike.
- Beauty and the Beast.
- Watch your words, man.
What are you thinking of?
You forgot to bring your tent.
- See you.
- Wait.
Here.
Happy birthday.
Thanks.
- It's me.
- Hello, 'Me'.
Would you like some lemonade?
- We're going for a ride.
- Not on the main road.
No, mother.
- Come on.
- Already?
- I need to go.
- Where to?
De Panne.
- Can I come too?
- No.
- Why not?
- Because.
I thought we did
everything together.
- Next time we'll go together.
- Promise?
Of course. Come on.
Don't tell anyone, okay?
- Back already?
- Yeah...
Gino had trouble with his bike.
- Etienne, could you...
- Of course, what's the problem?
It's the... carburettor.
We've only just changed it.
I'm going to have a look.
- Is Gino home?
- Yes... no.
It's not necessary, don't bother.
- It's no problem.
- It's not necessary.
- Gino can do it himself.
- Pim?
What've you got against Etienne?
You little ingrate.
Okay...
I'll come get you on Saturday
for the Accordionade. Yvette.
I'll come to the Texas later.
By eleven o'clock,
we'll be back by then.
Bye bye.
A, B, C, D...
E, F, G...
Gino.
It's me.
Hey boy.
Button came off my dress.
Gino's gone to Dunkirk.
Why can't he find a girl
who doesn't live so far away?
She wanted to go dancing,
that girl. In De Panne.
Her name is Françoise.
Would you like a glass
of orange lemonade Pim?
Gino and dancing.
Little children grow up.
Or should I open the other one?
I think the orange one's gone flat.
He might bring her home soon,
Françoise.
She has white sandals.
- The motorbike.
- Oui, oui.
- Don't be such a baby.
- Non, non, non, non.
Even second-hand, a bike
like that costs a small fortune.
And a boy on an apprenticeship
doesn't have a lot to his name.
Mother will work for it.
Ah, but it's always been his dream.
There are only so many things
you can save up for. Sugar sachets.
Mother...
I'll only tell this to you, Pim.
Sugar sachets.
I take them from the empty
trays in the cafeteria.
The doctor says I shouldn't
have sugar but still...
Mum...
They throw them away,
the sachets.
Even when they're unopened.
Pim would like a sandwich.
Right?
And yesterday, for the
first time, Gino went...
to work in the wayside restaurant.
Friday evenings and Sundays.
The money's not bad.
And he's doing well in the
garage, according to Etienne.
He learns fast, our Gino.
If the bike needs fixing,
he can do it himself.
He's good with his hands.
Gino's going to be late.
But what do you expect?
He's eighteen.
And that girl wants to dance.
The paper boy is turning in.
And I'm off to bed early.
I'm so tired these days.
You sure you don't want a drink?
- You're going to the Texas.
- Yep.
When the cat's away...
Your mother's not here yet.
Did you go around with the paper?
Was Marcella crazy as usual?
Where's your mother
playing tonight?
Far away, for sure?
De Panne.
From now on you can bring
yesterday's paper to me.
Such a good boy.
- What would you like to drink, son?
- So, no girlfriend yet?
Grenadine.
She's called Grenadine? Definitely
one from across the border then.
No, no, he doesn't know yet,
isn't it, boy?
So, don't you check
out the girls?
It's alright, tell us which one
of us you prefer. Go on.
Here, you can read Libelle magazine.
Or draw a picture, quiet one.
- Tadaaa!
- The later it gets...
- Mark my words.
- Everything alright, boy?
- He'll soon draw you.
- Yeah, right.
- So Pim, who haven't you drawn yet?
- Me. He hasn't drawn me yet.
It's too difficult.
You're far too beautiful.
- Lots of people in De Panne?
- Ooh la la.
Coucou. Oh... Don't.
Here, a beer for a big boy.
Your mother doesn't mind.
The... She...
Never mind.
Gino.
- Next time, baby...
- I'm taking you home.
Hurry up.
I'm telling mother.
You shut your mouth.
It's no good like this. I need
a partner to dance. Come on.
Much too shy.
Okay, wait a second.
What is it?
I'm no dancer.
Do you think I'm pretty?
Yeah.
Then kiss me.
Sabrina, I...
Strange boy.
Thank you, Pim.
Say, what's that French
girl's name again?
Gino's girlfriend.
I don't know.
Maybe he'll bring her along
to the fun fair when it's back.
Etienne says she's pretty.
Say boy, you going
to draw all night?
Normal boys your age hang
out with their friends.
Or girlfriends. Ooh la la.
Normal women your age don't
spend their nights out.
Room to let
Sabrina.
Water's included in the price
electricity and heating too...
The doorbell.
Someone just rang it.
- I didn't...
- I'm sure I heard it.
One moment.
No-one there.
- Here, why don't you take one?
- I don't smoke.
Smart girl.
Did you ever hear
back from the gypsy
who used to rent this room?
Zoltan?
No.
One day he just left.
Like a bird, flown away...
Gone with the funfair.
That's the life, girl.
North in summer, south in winter.
Venice, Paris, Piraeus,
Lima, Capri...
Strange places, strange people.
Do what you want.
No cares...
No children...
The room is pretty nice.
- Where's Pim, by the way?
- Out. He didn't say where.
Is he quiet at home too?
- You think he's quiet?
- Yes.
Don't think I hear
his voice often.
That boy lives in
a world of his own.
My guess is as good as yours
on what goes on in his mind.
Drawing... he loves to draw.
But I never see them, his drawings.
I worry sometimes, Sabrina,
you know?
I only have one son.
Pim's a dreamer.
You can tell...
What's her name?
Françoise.
But it's not certain whether...
Well, yes...
You can tell her it
seemed okay to you.
Why didn't she come to take
a look herself? Too shy?
So what kind of a
job is she after?
There's as little work here
as in Northern France right?
Oh yeah, no visitors in the room.
Tell your brother that.
Does she speak Dutch?
Right, you don't even
know that much.
The doctors say I need to rest.
Get Pim a drink, would you?
Good that I still have my daughter,
now Gino's flown the nest.
The house seems so much bigger.
He lives with her now.
They're both working
in a restaurant in Dunkirk.
Washing up? Cleaning floors?
I have no idea.
- He didn't even come to the hospital.
- Gino doesn't like hospitals.
I'd better get going.
Pim...
It's Etienne. What does
that fat prick think?
At the hotel in Lille,
something happened.
I was caught up in the moment.
But I wanted it to be a one-off.
But on the way home from Dunkirk
he pulled into a rest
stop off the highway.
He couldn't keep his
hands off me.
I bit him.
Come inside, mum.
You'll catch a cold.
Yes.
Mirza... Mirza.
Whoa there.
Zoltan...
there you are.
Good evening, Yvette,
I'm back again...
Pim will show you the room.
You can hang your clothes
here, on the hooks.
You have grown.
No wonder.
I'm already sixteen.
- Did you get Zoltan a clean towel?
- A towel. I think so, yes.
We could use the money.
And he's rented the room before...
Zoltan was just a boy back then.
Now he's a man.
That stupid sign in the
window can finally go.
The room has been
rented out, Françoise.
You still only drink red wine?
- Zoltan.
- Pim.
Little Pim.
I remember.
Shall I play the gentlemen
a tune? A waltz.
Mirza?
Where were you all night?
Hi, my friend.
You little rascal, you.
You two can have a sandwich.
There's still some jam left.
I'll put it away.
Friday, party night.
Shush.
He'll be back.
Pim, is your mother
working today?
She's working.
What would you like to drink,
grenadine?
Probably Romanian.
No, Bulgarian.
He's a fortune-hunter.
Grenadine.
And why isn't the carnie sleeping
in the caravan next to the dodgems?
Come on.
Pim doesn't know about all that,
do you boy? Here, on the house.
And when the fair leaves,
is he going to stay behind?
Better a fat car
than a fat man, Julien.
Life is too short.
And now you shut your bald face.
Tonight, spaghetti.
Then you know more than I do.
Little Pim?
Towel, please.
Okay.
Here you go.
Let's eat.
And there's vanilla
custard for dessert.
- Dessert?
- Yes, dessert.
The Cologne fair,
that you've got to see.
Little Pim, you wouldn't
believe your eyes.
It's so big,
there are always jobs.
Leave that till the morning, boy.
You're my audience.
Yes?
Gino...
Yes...
Okay, what is...
Sabrina.
Sabrina,
she's fallen hard for you.
I can see it in everything
she does. She's smitten.
But you already know that.
You're going to be
seventeen soon, Pimmie.
Seventeen.
You have to...
We both have to...
Sometimes people have
to make choices.
I'll tell you about Françoise...
Come on, Pimmie.
We can still be friends.
We were kids. Boys.
It was a game.
You and Sabrina, think about it.
Wouldn't it be great?
I won't be here for much longer.
When the fair goes back to Cologne,
Zoltan is taking me with him.
The gypsy?
- You look good when you're jealous.
- Who's the jealous one here?
You don't think I was
in love with you, surely?
Pim...
Quiet, boy.
Get me a drink would you, Pim?
No, I'll have some wine.
Wine, okay.
Red is the colour of love.
Zoltan, you look sharp.
Yes, ready to party.
Glass of wine, Zoltan?
Thank you, Little Pim.
Thank you.
- Little Pim. See you later.
- Bye bye.
You crazy boy.
He must have been out wandering.
He's been asleep
on the sofa all day.
And he's just woken up.
You don't need to tell
me that, I live here.
Here, for you.
You can stay in
Gino's room tonight.
And tomorrow.
And the next day.
Your soup is getting
cold, Sabrina.
Pim can't just move in with us.
He's always been a
friend of the family.
Yes, I've noticed.
As if that was such
a problem for you.
That was then.
Little Pim has found
his way back.
We barely saw him the whole time
the carnie lived with him.
And did you know
that Pim and Gino...
He's staying here.
The boy has never
had a real home.
Fine mother she is.
Gone with the wind.
Yvette... Not even your father
was safe from that slut.
That rhymes.
Yvette Mimosa.
With her mannerisms
and her accordion.
That pale cow thought she
could have any man she wanted.
One after the other.
She was fickle, Miss Camping.
She still is.
My handsome Stefano.
Don't you have a picture?
Surely every wife
has a picture of...
Don't ask me those questions.
I need to get my kidneys checked.
I deserve to know what
my father looked like.
Sabrina, I have, I can't...
Is he still alive?
Or don't you know that either?
No, I don't know.
And I won't have you
snapping at me, understood?
I used to be better
at things like this.
Shall I put some tea on?
Where are you off to?
Nowhere special.
I just need some fresh air.
- Put a jacket on.
- Mother, it's summer.
But it's like autumn. And pass
by the butcher's on your way back.
- Who says I'm coming back?
- Half a pound of bacon, please.
It happened so fast...
My bag.
Where were you planning to go?
What are you looking for?
Can I help?
Your father.
Look.
Mother?
Mother.
A, B, C, D, E...
F, G, H, I, J, K, L, M...
N, O, P, Q, R...
S, T, U , V, W, X, Y, Z.
Sea.
Where is Françoise?
She's not feeling very well.
What a cow.
Would you like some water?
Yes, please.
house to let
Mrs Desmet found some of
your mother's stuff there.
She asked what she
should do with it.
Throw it away.
Make yourself a sandwich. Maybe
I'll get to take something home.
Shit weather.
Can I come in?
Quiet, Mirza.
Shit weather,
you can say that again.
Your sister isn't here.
- Mondays, Tuesdays and...
- I'm here for you.
Here.
- You want something to drink?
- A beer.
I'm only here temporarily.
You know that.
Temporarily.
What do you want from me?
I waited for you.
Here. I don't need it back.
I gave it you.
Tie a knot in it...
so you won't forget me.
Stay.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org